Add board meeting email consent (#153)
bridgefoundry/operations: docs/corporate-docs/board-of-directors-minutes/2025-02-05-minutes.md

## BRIDGE FOUNDRY, INC.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## MEETING MINUTES

**February 5, 2025**

> **Board Members Consenting via Email:** Laura Kirby, Melissa Xie, Sarah Allen. Desi McAdam

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Board Members Consenting via Email:** Laura Kirby, Melissa Xie, Sarah Allen, Desi McAdam
```

**Guests Present:** None

This meeting of the Bridge Foundry Board of Directors was conducted asynchronously via email in accordance with our bylaws' provisions for written consent in lieu of a formal meeting. A quorum of the board provided written consent.

Upon motion duly made and seconded, the Board members unanimously approved the following resolutions:

- **RESOLVED:** Margaret Parsa is appointed to the Board of Directors, effective immediately.
- **RESOLVED:** Bridge Foundry approves a $25,000 grant to TinyGo to support its mission, in accordance with the grant proposal provided.

These minutes will be shared and recorded as part of Bridge Foundry’s official records.

There being no further business, the board actions were completed via email consent on February 5, 2025.

**Respectfully submitted,**  
Desi McAdam  
Recording Secretary

Writings indicating consent were receive via bridgefoundry.org email, which provides reasonable determination that the transmission was

> authorizaed by the Director. Screenshot records of these writings can be found in [async-consent/2025-feb-02](async-consent/2025-feb-05)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authorized by the Director. Screenshot records of these writings can be found in [async-consent/2025-feb-05](async-consent/2025-feb-05)
```
